synth: Add option to treat PSL asserts as PSL assumes and vice-versa (#1571)
ghdl/ghdl: doc/using/Synthesis.rst

    $ ghdl --synth --std=08 --no-assert-cover my_unit

.. option:: --assert-assumes

  Treat all PSL assertions like PSL assumes. If this option is used, GHDL generates `assume` directives
  instead each `assert` directive during synthesis. This is similar to the `-assert-assumes`

>   option of Yosys `read_verilog`<http://www.clifford.at/yosys/cmd_read_verilog.html>`_ command.

Reviewer: I think it should be:

```
`read_verilog <http://www.clifford.at/yosys/cmd_read_verilog.html>`_ 
```

Note the space after `read_verilog`. Same below.

Author: Strange syntax. I will fix it.

>   Treat all PSL assertions like PSL assumes. If this option is used, GHDL generates `assume` directives
>   instead each `assert` directive during synthesis. This is similar to the `-assert-assumes`
>   option of Yosys `read_verilog <http://www.clifford.at/yosys/cmd_read_verilog.html>`_ command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Treat all PSL asserts like PSL assumes. If this option is used, GHDL generates an `assume` directive
  for each `assert` directive during synthesis. This is similar to the `-assert-assumes`
  option of Yosys' `read_verilog <http://www.clifford.at/yosys/cmd_read_verilog.html>`_ command.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.

  Example::

    $ ghdl --synth --std=08 --assert-assumes my_unit

.. option:: --assume-asserts

>   Treat all PSL assumes like PSL asserts. If this option is used, GHDL generates `assert` directives
>   instead each `assume` directive during synthesis. This is similar to the `-assume-asserts`
>   option of Yosys `read_verilog <http://www.clifford.at/yosys/cmd_read_verilog.html>`_ command.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Treat all PSL assumes like PSL asserts. If this option is used, GHDL generates an `assert` directive
  for each `assume` directive during synthesis. This is similar to the `-assume-asserts`
  option of Yosys' `read_verilog <http://www.clifford.at/yosys/cmd_read_verilog.html>`_ command.
```

Author: Changed as suggested.
